input/pagecontent/use-cases-CF2.md, before:

<html><style>table, thead, td{border:2px solid #ccc; border-collapse:collapse}</style>

<ul class="nav nav-tabs">

<li class="active">
    <a href="#">Content</a>
</li>

<li>
    <a href="CF2-mapping.html">Mappings</a>
</li>

<li>
    <a href="CF2-json.html">JSON</a>
</li>

</ul>

</html>

This is a sample representation of the **Use Case** implementation guide for **Claims Form 1**

This can be viewed as an instance [CF1 Bundle](Bundle-ClaimsForm1.html) to also see downloadable XML, JSON, and TTL formats.

---

### Implementation Rules

* name.given is an array that captures the first name and middle name.
    1. name.`given[0]` is used to capture a person's **first name**.
    1. name.`given[1]` is used to capture a person's **middle name**.

* For fields under **Part I - Member Information**, if `Patient is the member?` is true, all `Person` resources <span style="color:red">**SHOULD**</span> be changed to `Patient`. For example:
    
    ```
        Patient is the member:
            QuestionnaireResponse.item = true
        Name of Member (Last Name):
            Patient.name.family = "Smith"
    ```

    ```
        Patient is the member:
            QuestionnaireResponse.item = false
        Name of Member (Last Name):
            Person.name.family = "Smith"
    ```

---

Commit message:

v1.0.22
- fixed reference of Alias: $IdentifierType
- removed examples.fsh for now as it is a source of multitude of errors due to being randomized data
- added Claims Form 2 sample bundle (incomplete)
- added missing titles and descriptions on Signature extensions
- reverted Condition.clinicalStatus to use default ValueSet
- re-enabled Medication.code
- created separate CF1 and CF2 mapping and JSON pages
- added Financial Profiles and Specialized Profiles to the dropdown menu

input/pagecontent/use-cases-CF2.md, after:

### Implementation Rules

* name.given is an array that captures the first name and middle name.
    1. name.`given[0]` is used to capture a person's **first name**.
    1. name.`given[1]` is used to capture a person's **middle name**.

* Encounter.reasonCode <span style="color:red">**SHALL**</span> be supported if `Patient Disposition` is *Transferred/Referred*.

* **ICD 10 or RVS Code** field will either be `Condition.code` or `Procedure.code` respectively. If the data fits in `Procedure.code`, you <span style="color:red">**SHOULD**</span> use a separate resource as `Procedure.code` has a maximum cardinality of 1.

---


<html><style>table, thead, td{border:2px solid #ccc; border-collapse:collapse}</style>

<ul class="nav nav-tabs">

<li class="active">
    <a href="#">Content</a>
</li>

<li>
    <a href="CF2-mapping.html">Mappings</a>
</li>

<li>
    <a href="CF2-json.html">JSON</a>
</li>

</ul>

</html>

This is a sample representation of the **Use Case** implementation guide for **Claims Form 2**

This can be viewed as an instance [CF2 Bundle](Bundle-ClaimsForm2.html) to also see downloadable XML, JSON, and TTL formats.

---
